dnsdist: Add feature to create Telemetry Spans from LuaAction (#16961)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/reference/config.rst

  This function, if it exists, is called when a separate thread (made with :func:`newThread`) calls :func:`submitToMainThread`.

.. function:: newThread(code [, openTelemetryTraceOptions])

  .. versionchanged:: 2.2.0
    ``opentelemetryTraceOptions`` optional parameter added

  Spawns a separate thread running the supplied code.
  Code is supplied as a string, not as a function object.

>   The code is run, after which :program:`dnsdist` sleeps for 5 seconds before running the code again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The code is executed, and is expected to loop indefinitely. If it crashes or exits, an error message is logged and the thread sleeps for 5 seconds before executing the code again.
```
